hi before we get to our guests and the
jokes tonight I want to take a moment
because as you know we had another
school shooting today this time in Santa
Fe Texas at least ten people were killed
ten people are wounded mostly high
school kids and once again our leaders
are sending their thoughts and prayers
President Trump said he is with the
people of Santa Fe in this tragic hour
and will be with them forever except for
when it comes time to do something then
he will not be with them and neither
will any of the Congress people or
governors who don't ever do anything
because they're fearful that will hurt
them politically they know the truth
they know this has gone too far but
they're too cowardly to do the right
thing they care more about the support
of the NRA than they do about children
so they sit there with their hands in
their pockets pockets that are full of
gun money and they do nothing they just
wait for the outrage to pass because it
didn't happen to their children there's
only one way to look at this how would
you feel and what would you do if these
were your children who are killed today
the truth about our democracy is that
the people don't make laws we vote for
those who do so the least you can do is
register to vote right now I mean the
only way we can make any meaningful
impact on this epidemic is to make sure
we vote for politicians who will do
something
our leaders right now seem to think
everything is fine it isn't fine this
kind of thing doesn't happen in
countries that have real sensible gun
laws I don't know about you but I for
one am very very tired of this my friend
got shot in the heart hole and as soon
as the alarms went off everybody just
started running outside and make
you know everybody loves in the New Year
boo we're interpreting the Constitution
as written defending the Second
Amendment you'll keep your guns after I
heard the shots I knew his room and I
was just scared for all my frenzy I
couldn't find we will filibuster any
legislation that undermines the Second
Amendment no one even really knew what
was going on until we've seen our fellow
students coming out with blood on them
and shots through your legs of course we
want to listen to these kids she called
me she said mom there's shots at school
I told her to stay quiet to stay calm to
breathe in this administration the right
of the people to keep and bear arms will
not be infringed we had to get out of
this as possible and come after our guns
that what I say is come and take it was
there a part of you that was like this
isn't real this is that this would not
happen in my school no there was it um
why so it's been happening everywhere I
felt I've always kind of felt like
eventually it was going to happen here
too we're gonna save your guns they're
not gonna take away your bullets that I
could shorten up your magazines they're
not gonna do anything
[Music]
[Applause]